If you are already an amazing python programmer with years of experience with Python programming then
that's great.
You don't have to worry about the little details of coding in this course but I'm guessing that you
probably are not a total expert in Python.
Maybe you are completely new to Python.
Maybe have a little bit of experience with Python but you're not really so comfortable.
So I want to have this video that is just going to tell you a little bit about how to get help when
you are stuck in Python.
And this is the kind of situation where you know what you want to do you know what you want the computer
to do.
You're just not really sure exactly how to implement it in Python.
So here's the correct order for getting help when you're stuck in Python.
First of all you try things in Python.
Next you search online and then you look through the Q&A forum -- the question and answer forum -- in this
course.
So let me spend a moment talking about each one of these options.
So your first line of defense should be going directly to Python and just you know trying out stuff
in Python.
It's only going to help. One of my favorite things about coding and one thing that makes coding better
than real life.
There's always an undo; you can always go back and undo your changes. So never hesitate to just start
trying stuff when you're confused.
Just try a bunch of stuff and you know make sure you have a backup of the good code, the working code,
so you don't lose anything.
And there's also ways to get help on specific functions as they're called help files or sometimes they're
called Doc strings and you access these Doc strings by pressing shift tab inside of a function.
So I'm going to switch to Python now and show you what I mean by these two points. So here we are in
Python in a Jupiter IPython notebook.
And here's this function abs.
And then there's just an empty set of parentheses so whenever you see a bunch of letters and then parentheses
afterwards that indicates that this is a function.
So what does this function abs mean?
Well, we're not at the gym so I'm guessing that this is not something about doing core workouts.
Maybe it's something about the absolute value of a number.
So I'm just going to try; I'm just going to put in the number four and now to run this code I'm going to press
control enter on my keyboard and then we get the answer for ha.
So that's the same thing.
Now what happens if I type minus 4.
Then the answer is still 4.
So that seems to be the absolute value of this number.
And now I'm just going to try some other random things.
What happens if I type.
Maybe just some strings in here.
Aha.
Well now I get an error and it says that name SDF is not defined.
That's because there is no variable called SDF.
So I'm just trying to illustrate a few different ways of testing out things in python just to see what
happens and to read the error messages.
So here I put in two separate numbers to input arguments and the error was that this function abs
takes exactly one argument.
All right.
So you can do a little bit of trial and error testing and that will help you figure out stuff.
And then if you put the cursor inside the parentheses here then press shift and then tab on your keyboard
and that's going to bring up this little window here.
This is called the help file or the doc string.
Now sometimes these help files are really really helpful and they explain things very clearly.
Sometimes they give you examples to follow and sometimes they're not really so helpful.
Sometimes they're a little bit hard to interpret but it's always worth checking the help file just to
make sure.
So this thing says, so it gives an overview of the function with the possible inputs and then it says
return the absolute value of the argument or the input.
OK.
So that's actually pretty clear for this example.
Now there's also this plus sign here.
You can often click on this plus sign and usually, not always but very often, there's more information
there's more help.
Now in this case there is no more information.
Okay so I'm going to close this.
Here's another function called range and now I'm basically just going to press shift tab and get some
more information about this function.
And so this actually does have a lot more information including suggestions for how to come up with
examples for testing this function.
So this is just illustrating some of the ways that you can already get help yourself in Python. Another
way to get help is to look online.
So Python has a huge worldwide community.
There are many many questions that have already been answered so it's likely that your question is already
out there on the Internet.
A lot of these questions are asked and answered in English but you can also find Web sites in German
and Spanish and Turkish and Chinese and all sorts of languages where people are getting help from each
other in Python.
So when you're searching online make sure to use appropriate and specific key search terms.
That's going to help you get the right answer.
And my little tip is not only to search the Web sites using text but also search for image results so
let me give you an example of how to search for something online. So here we are at our friendly little
Google home page.
Let's say I'm a little bit stuck with some plotting.
Maybe I have a plot that has a line color that I don't really like the color and I want to change the
color.
So I'm going to search for how to change the line color in python.
Now notice that I have a lot of specific keywords here.
I have change and line color and python.
These are all important key terms.
So now I can search and look at this.
Look how many results I get.
This is already telling me how to set the line color.
So here's from Stack Overflow.
Always great answers on Stack Overflow.
This is the official Python Web site from the plotting engine.
Here is some other Web site and another Web site.
Look how many different answers we get.
Okay so your answer is likely to already be here.
And here's my little tip: click here on images so you can do an image search.
And particularly if you are asking questions about visualization and modifying plots then the image
search is great because you can see exactly what you're looking for.
Maybe this is the kind of thing that you were looking for.
So then you know what to click on.
Another reason why it's really cool to do image search is here.
When looking for questions that you might come across some really interesting things that you didn't
even know existed that turn out to be really interesting and fun.
So for example maybe you didn't know that you can change the line the color of a line as you're going
through the line like this.
So you can learn something new that you weren't even thinking that you needed to know.
Now let me be clear that I am happy to engage with you in the Q&A forum, the question and answer forum,
on this Web site.
However, I do encourage you to use the Q&A forum after you have already done some investigations
yourself in Python and online.
So before you post the question you should already search through the Q&A forum for your question
and try using different search terms.
It's very possible that someone has already asked the same question or a very similar question to what
you are thinking about.
And then if you post a new question please be specific include a screenshot or paste your code.
And if you're pasting your code into the Q&A box then you can use the code formatting tool so you
select the code that you've pasted in and then you press this little,
there's gonna be a little button at the text formatting options that will allow you to paste your code
in a way that looks like code that that makes it really really easy for me to copy and paste your code
into my computer so I can help you out.
The thing is if you post a generic question then I'm not really going to be able to help you.
So if you want my help then you have to help me by including screenshots and or code and even better
if you are referring to a specific part of the video.
Then make sure you give a timestamp so I can refer back to exactly that point in the video.
Again this is your way of helping me to give you a best answer.